Updates to Space migration article (#1682)
brimdata/brim: docs/Migration-of-Spaces.md

Starting with GA Brim release `v0.25.0`, imported data will now be stored in
Pools in a Zed Lake rather than in file-based Spaces as they were previously.

The [Zed Lake design document](https://github.com/brimdata/zed/blob/main/docs/lake/design.md)
provides a thorough overview of Pools and how they work. In brief, the use of
Pools ultimately enables new functionality that was not previously available in
Brim, including:

* Data may be incrementally added to, or deleted from, a Pool.
* Zed queries/analytics can make use of data stored across multiple Pools.
* Search indexes can be attached to Pools to accelerate query performance.
* Pre-computed derived analytics can be leveraged to accelerate computations
  on stored data.

When upgrading to GA Brim release `v0.25.0` or newer, any data you had stored
in Spaces that you wish to continue accessing will need to be migrated to
Pools. To ensure a smooth transition, upon first launch in the newer release,
a pop-up message will appear with a clickable option to automatically complete
the data migration.

![Migration Required](media/Migration-Required.png)

While the process should be seamless, if you're reading this article before

> clicking **Migrate**, here's some tips to help ensure a successful migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clicking **Migrate**, here are some tips to help ensure a successful migration.
```

   copying everything below the following directory, which varies per OS
   platform:

    |**OS Platform**|**Location**|
    |---------------|------------|
    | **Windows**   | `%APPDATA%\Brim\data\spaces` |
    | **macOS**     | `$HOME/Library/Application Support/Brim/data/spaces` |
    | **Linux**     | `$HOME/.config/Brim/data/spaces` |

2. If you have a lot of data saved in Spaces, the migration may take some time
   to complete. If you click **Later**, the pop-up will be dismissed and you
   can begin importing new data, which will now be stored in Pools. You will
   not be able to access the data from your older Spaces until you allow
   migration to complete. The migration pop-up will be presented again the
   next time you relaunch the app or open a new Brim window.

3. If you don't want to migrate the data from your Spaces, you can simply
   delete the `spaces` directory at the filesystem level and the pop-up will no
   longer appear.

4. Once you click **Migrate**, a progress indicator will appear in the
   lower-right corner of the Brim window.

   ![Migrating spaces](media/Migrating-Spaces.png)

>    While migration is proceeding, you can use the app as usual (e.g. import new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While migration is proceeding, you can use the app as usual (e.g., import new
```
